feat: configure and inject environment variables in workers (#42)
vmware-labs/wasm-workers-server: docs/docs/tutorials/rust-workers.md

1. Finally, open <http://127.0.0.1:8080/worker-kv> in your browser.

## Read environment variables

> Environment variables are configured [via the related TOML configuration file](../features/environment-variables.md). These variables are directly injected as global constants in your worker. To read them, just use the same name you configured in your TOML file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables are configured [via the related TOML configuration file](../features/environment-variables.md). These variables are accessible via `std::env` in your worker. To read them, just use the same name you configured in your TOML file:
```
